docs: Explain where native binary currently ends up (re. #508) (#509)
jbangdev/jbang: readme.adoc

Since not all java libraries can automatically be built with `native-image` - especially if using reflection feature are considered highly experimental.

Just run `jbang --native helloworld.java` and `jbang` will use `native-image` from either `$JAVA_HOME/bin` or `$GRAALVM_HOME/bin` or `$PATH` to
produce a native image binary.

> The built native image binary will be in `~/.jbang/cache/jars/YOUR.java.HASH.jar.bin` (see [#508] for an `-o/--output`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built native image binary will be placed in jbang's cache and used on next run.
```

I don't want to make the contents of ~/.jbang/cache "api" ...at leats for now it is to be considered a black box for users.

Definitely ok adding a `-o/--out` to make this possible to get..
